Added check for existence of absolute links to files in OMZ Repo (#2456)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: tools/accuracy_checker/README.md

    - name: dataset_name
```
Optionally you can use global configuration. It can be useful for avoiding duplication if you have several models which should be run on the same dataset.

> Example of global definitions file can be found at `<omz_dir>/tools/accuracy_checker/dataset_definitions.yml`. Global definitions will be merged with evaluation config in the runtime by dataset name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example of global definitions file can be found at `<omz_dir>/data/dataset_definitions.yml`. Global definitions will be merged with evaluation config in the runtime by dataset name.
```
